# USDZ Converter 🔀

Generate a high-quality USDZ 3D object from images, in seconds ⚡️

## Overview

This is a command-line tool that you can run through XCode - just clone the project, replace the path to ```inputFolder``` with the path to a folder with high quality images of your object taken from different angles; then, replace the path to ```outputFolder``` with the path to an empty folder. 

Once both ```inputFolder``` and ```outputFolder``` have a correct path, just run the App (Command + R, or Click Run) - wait a few seconds, and you will see a few 3D files in your ```outputFolder```.

Download the [Reality Converter App for macOS]([https://duckduckgo.com](https://developer.apple.com/augmented-reality/tools/)https://developer.apple.com/augmented-reality/tools/), open it and drag the file generated by the app (in your ```outputFolder```) in Reality Converter. 

Reality Converter App will create a high-quality USDZ file in just a few moments - this file will be optimised for web/mobile delivery and can be used instantly. 

## Create a QuickAR Experience

Once your USDZ file is generated, you can easily create a QuickAR render so users could interact with your AR object from their iOS or iPadOS devices without any setup required. Just use the HTML anchor tag ```<a>``` or the Next.js ```Link```, make it link to your USDZ asset, add a ```rel``` with a value of 'ar' - and you're good to go. iOS and iPadOS users clicking that link will be able to render the 3D object in their own environment.

```
<Link href="/coke.usdz" rel="ar">
    AR Quick Look
</Link>
```

## Notes

* ⚠️ You must have a MacBook running Apple Silicon (minimum M1 Chip) in order to run this app - Intel-based Macs are not supported. 
* ⚠️ When taking pictures make sure all angles are covered and avoid using a white table/support. 
* ✅ The more photos you take, the better the 3D object will look.


